let's crack on with the first of our
short demonstrations I'm going to be
demonstrating using the thermo fax with
thickened dye paints now I'm not going
to be going into the recipes on how to
make the dye paints because the book
will provide all of that for you let's
get going
got my smallest screen for my lightest
value and I'm going to start sort of a
little way up on the horizon so spoon in
your media unlike a normal silkscreen a
thermo fax doesn't have a particularly
deep what we call well so you're going
to have to be a little bit careful not
to put too much media in so it starts
sloshing out over the side in terms of
good printing technique always place
your screen where you want to make your
print then add your media to it now
thermo faxes are very light so use your
left hand if you're right-handed to
anchor the screen in place and always
pull the media towards you how many
Poles you're going to need is going to
be dependent on your own physical
strength often we find with the thermo
fax one pull sometimes two is going to
be enough and I think looking at this
one it's going to be two I'm not going
to worry at all about ghosting here
because in fact if I get some little
what I call ghost grasses it won't
matter at all because I'm aiming to
create a meadow type of effect so I've
taken an opaque pink
I've added a tiny little bit of color to
a mixture of opaque white which is
really full of pigment and sheer white
so that it's not totally opaque but it's
going to be a big enough for you to see
it
create a shimmer effect on top of the
fabric so we'll go back to and you can
see you'll notice that while I'm working
unlike Claire I don't have to use glug
gloves because this is a fabric paint
just to open the screen I'm going to do
two pools you can see the effect of your
pick it's going to hover on the surface
I'm going to turn my screen so that I
can feather it and get variety and it's
enough just for one pull and I'll tell
they are making this elite rejoin I'm
not going to take it out on to the dark
area I'm going just just to print the
shimmer in this central area